Doc 9195 dev tutorial guides (#2259)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/tutorials/pages/java-tutorial/install-couchbase-java-sdk.adoc

:page-pagination:

> = Installing the Couchbase Java SDK

Reviewer: Please put document title on the first line with the doc attributes below it.

> :description: pass:q[In this tutorial, you're going to create a skeleton application for interacting with the student database you created in xref:install-couchbase-server.adoc[]]

Reviewer: Don't use markup in the description:

```suggestion
:description: In this tutorial, you're going to create a skeleton application for interacting with the student database you created previously.
```

[abstract]
{description}

== Prerequisites

Java is a fairly popular programming language these days, so we're going to use it to build our student/course application. To keep things as light as possible (this is a tutorial, after all), we're not going to worry about building a web front end or REST service, just a few methods to read/write our documents to the database.

You will need a few things installed on your machine before you begin:

> * The Java Software Development Kit (version {minimum-jdk-version})

Reviewer 2: these 2 versions haven't rendered on the sample output

Author: Good spot!

    <properties>
        <maven.compiler.source>16</maven.compiler.source>
        <maven.compiler.target>16</maven.compiler.target>
        <encoding>UTF-8</encoding>
        <project.build.sourceEncoding>${encoding}</project.build.sourceEncoding>
        <project.reporting.outputEncoding>${encoding}</project.reporting.outputEncoding>
        <project.resources.sourceEncoding>${encoding}</project.resources.sourceEncoding>
        <archetype.encoding>${encoding}</archetype.encoding>
    </properties>

    <dependencies>    <!--1-->
        <dependency>
            <groupId>com.couchbase.client</groupId>
            <artifactId>java-client</artifactId>
            <version>3.2.1</version>
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>

</project>
----

<1> The `dependencies` section lists all the libraries required to build the application. In our case, we only need the Couchbase client SDK (version 3.2.1, in this case).

include::partial$student-mvn-directory-structure.adoc[tags="location-of-pom.xml"]

You can test the setup is correct by opening a terminal window and changing to the `student` directory. Run the build script to pull in all the dependencies.

> [source,bash]

Reviewer 2: `[source,bash]` is for bash scripts, `[source,console]` better for command line transcripts
